[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1993 Halloween classic hocus
pocus so let's get started the film
opens in 1693 near Salem Massachusetts
when Thackery Binx eases little sister
Emily taken to the cottage of three
witches Winifred Sarah and Mary
Sanderson the Sanderson sisters cast a
spell on Emily to absorb her youth to
make them young again and kill Emily in
the process Thackeray confronts the
witches only to be transformed into a
mortal black cap the witches are
captured by the town folks and before
the sisters are hung a spell is cast
that will resurrect the witches during a
full moon on All Hallows Eve when a
virgin lights the black flame candle 300
years later max Tennyson and his younger
sister Danny are trick-or-treating when
they run into Max's crush Alison Alison
states that her family owns the
Sanderson house and the three go to the
house while inside Mac selects the black
flame candle which resurrects the
witches who now plan on taking the souls
of all the Salem children Mac steals
their spell book after being instructed
to buy the cat Thakuri The Witches chase
them and Winifred resurrects her
unfaithful lover Billie butcher's son
The Witches try to blend in but are
horrified to find out what Halloween has
become in the modern era the witches
must get the souls of the children using
the spell book before Sun rises
otherwise they will be destroyed the
kids find their parents at a Halloween
party and try to warn them but Winifred
enchants all the partygoers with a song
the children try to burn the witches but
are unsuccessful at destroying them the
kids attempt to reverse that careese
curse but fail
the sisters track them down in kidnap
Danni Sara Sanderson sings to draw in
all the children of Salem the kids
however are able to rescue Danny at the
cemetery they encounter Billy who joins
them to protect Danny
the sisters attack and Winifred tries to
absorb Danny's soul with potion Thakuri
stops her but is mortally wounded max
drinks the potion so they have to absorb
his soul and as the sisters attack the
Sun rises and the sisters are turned
adults Billie returns to his grave
Thakuri dies in region
his sister as the film ends the parents
are awoken from the trance and we see
the spellbook is still active possibly
to resurrect the sisters one day so that
was the spoilers for hocus pocus if you
have another film you'd like to see a
spoil please let us know in the comments
below check out movie's spoiler alerts
on Instagram for our monthly giveaways
and remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching
[Music]